OK
The steamed buns are delicious to cook
Did Tang Yang and Xu Yi eat?
Whatever they do
I don't see you who should take care of it.
What do I have to do?
What is such a big palace?
Everything depends on Tang Yang
Aren't you ashamed as a mistress?
I remember someone seemed to have said
What about Mammy Qi?
Keep me like a dog
Do you love to argue with this king?
You didn't say that?
You are so stingy
I still remember things from so long ago
If you only remember resentment
Why don't we talk about it?
What happened at the Duke's Mansion a year ago
Ah, why do you say that?
Come on, let's get the two of us drunk and save us from worry.
This king has a large number of
Don't care about you
Not necessarily in the future
Ahhhh!
Did you do it on purpose?
I really am not
It really is.
This wine is too spicy
Then stop drinking
How is Sister He?
Yes, but I have the conditions to say
The first is the previous sentence
You can't hit me
Second, you don't deserve my freedom
Of course this is also possible
third
If there is a chance
You'd better divorce me
The two of us are two wide apart
Rejoice
Isn't it nice?